Give zcash_client_sqlite its own account ID (#1175)
zcash/librustzcash: zcash_client_sqlite/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- A new `orchard` feature flag has been added to make it possible to
  build client code without `orchard` dependendencies.
- `zcash_client_sqlite::AccountId` 
- `impl From<zcash_keys::keys::AddressGenerationError> for SqliteClientError`

### Changed
- Many places that `AccountId` appeared in the API changed from
  using `zcash_primitives::zip32::AccountId` to using an opaque `zcash_client_sqlite::AccountId`
  type. This impacts the following APIs:

>   - `zcash_client_sqlite::error::SqliteClientError::AccountUnknown`

Author: I don't understand your concern. `SqliteClientError::AccountUnknown` isn't a type nor a trait. It's an enum variant. And it _has_ changed, because it used to take a `zip32::AccountId` and now it doesn't.

>   - `zcash_client_sqlite::error::SqliteClientError::AccountUnknown`

Reviewer: This line inherits its enclosing parent's context: that the `zip32::AccountId` your is being replaced by `AccountId`. That is no longer accurate for this line.

>   - `zcash_client_sqlite::error::SqliteClientError::AccountUnknown`

Author: I'm aware of the context. But I don't interpret it the same way. The header is an explanation of the purpose behind a bunch of API changes. It wasn't written to guarantee that all APIs switched directly from one to another. It says "this _impacts_ the following APIs", which it in fact did. So I put it under Changed, and under that heading, because both are appropriate, IMO.

>   type. This impacts the following APIs:
>   - `zcash_client_sqlite::error::SqliteClientError::AccountUnknown`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  type.
- The enum variant `zcash_client_sqlite::error::SqliteClientError::AccountUnknown`
  no longer has a `zcash_primitives::zip32::AccountId` data value.
```

  - Changes to the implementation of the `WalletWrite` trait:
    - `create_account` function returns a unique identifier for the new account (as before),
      except that this ID no longer happens to match the ZIP-32 account index.
      To get the ZIP-32 account index, use the new `WalletRead::get_account` function.

>   - Two columns in the `transactions` view were renamed:

Reviewer: Were they just renamed, or were their contents altered as well to no longer be ZIP 32 account indices? If the latter, explain this.

Author: Clarified.

### Added
- A new `orchard` feature flag has been added to make it possible to
  build client code without `orchard` dependendencies.

> - `AccountId` struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `zcash_client_sqlite::AccountId`
```
